University of Michigan gateway files
------------------------------------
In each directory are:
  (gatewayName)paperHeader.def - a paper header file for the gateway
  set([a-z]*).def - set definition files that correspond to the 
		    gateway topics given by the directories
		    topic_([a-z]*)
  setPractice(GWName).def - set definition file for the practice
		    (unproctored) gateway test
  setProctored(GWName).def - set definition file for the proctored
		    gateway test
  setInstrProctored(GWName).def - set definition file for an 
		    instructor proctored gateway test

At the University of Michigan, students can practice their 
gateway tests as many times as they want, from whereever they 
like; this test is defined by the Practice definition file.
To take the test for a grade, the students must go to a proctored
lab, where they take a proctored test.  This is defined by the
Proctored definition file; the practice and proctored test 
definitions are identical save only for the fact that the latter
requires a proctor login for the student to take the test.

In addition, we restrict the number of attempts allowed in the 
proctored lab to two in any given day.  The Proctored definition
file includes this restriction.  We also allow instructors to 
proctor additional test attempts if they feel their students 
deserve it, however; the InstrProctored definition file defines
the proctored test for this case.  It is identical to the 
proctored gateway test save that it removes the restriction on 
the allowed number of attempts in a day.

The set definition files for the different topics in the gateway
must be imported into the course, but should not be assigned to
any members of the class.  They exist solely for the purpose of 
defining groups of problems that are used in the actual gateway
tests.

Finally, two things to note about the actual problems in these
gateway tests:
 1. All of the problems in these testbanks were originally 
	written before it was possible to include randomized 
	parameters in test problems.  Thus they do not.  At 
	some point they will be revised to take better advantage
	of the full power of WeBWorK.
 2. At the University of Michigan we have a tutorial system that
	provides students with instructions on how to solve the
	problems that they missed in most of the gateway tests.
	If you are interested in knowing more about this system,
	please contact Gavin LaRose at <glarose(at)umich(dot)edu>.

Note that materials in these testbanks were developed in part
through NSF grant #DUE-0088264 and are (c)2001-07 Regents of the 
University of Michigan.  Permission is granted for academic use 
of the materials, but not for commercial use.  If you have 
questions about this, please ask.

